First draft of advanced section for iterstreams (#55)
merantix-momentum/squirrel-core: docs/integration/spark.rst

Spark
========

> Squirrel offers functionalities to read and write to the store using Spark. We provide tutorials for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:py:class:`SquirrelStore` is designed to provide easy read parallelization, and also write parallelization. To learn about how it can be used along e.g. Spark, refer to the following tutorials:
```
